Add project readme (#10)
apollographql/orbiter: README.md

### Telemetry

<!--  -->

## Local Development

Local development of the functions is done using the [`netlify-cli`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/netlify-cli). To run the project locally you will first need to install the projects depedencies:

```sh
npm i
```

After you have these installed, you can run the project using the following command:

```sh
npm start
```

This will run `netlify dev` which will serve functions under the following routes:

- [`http://localhost:8888/nix`](http://localhost:8888/nix)
- [`http://localhost:8888/win`](http://localhost:8888/win)
- [`http://localhost:8888/telemetry`](http://localhost:8888/telemetry)

For full reporting of telemetry to work, you must have a `SEGMENT_API_KEY` set.

## Testing

Not implemented yet

## Releases

Releasing a new build of the functions is managed through GitHub and Netlify. When a PR is merged to main, Netlify will kick off a build and deploy of the functions.

## Runbook

> The worker is instrumented with [Sentry](https://sentry.io) alerting. Those responsible for this code are: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functions are instrumented with [Sentry](https://sentry.io) alerting. Those responsible for this code are: 
```
